Updated to ELevate (#599)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/ELevate-NG-testing-guide.md

\* - upgrading from Scientific Linux 7 to AlmaLinux 8 requires a workaround. Please, see more in the [known issues](#known-issues). <br>
\** - upgrading to Oracle Linux 9 is available with the [Oracle Leapp utility](https://blogs.oracle.com/linux/post/upgrade-oracle-linux-8-to-oracle-linux-9-using-leapp) and will not be supported by ELevate project.<br>

> \*** - These upgrade paths currently dont't have support for x86_64_v2. Upgrade to AlmaLinux OS 10 is only available to the version 10.0 Beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*** - These upgrade paths currently don't have support for x86_64_v2. Upgrade to AlmaLinux OS 10 is only available to version 10.0 Beta.
```

Author: Thanks!
